Add Lucene byte vector documentation (#4475)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/knn/knn-index.md

 }
 ```

 ### Lucene byte vector

By default, k-NN vectors are `float` vectors, where each dimension is 4 bytes. If you want to save storage space, you can use `byte` vectors with the `lucene` engine. In a `byte` vector, each dimension is a signed 8-bit integer in the [-128, 127] range. 
 
Byte vectors are supported only for the `lucene` engine. They are not supported for the `nmslib` and `faiss` engines.
{: .note}
 

>  To use a `byte` vector, set the `data_type` parameter to `byte` when creating mappings for an index:

Reviewer: Shall we also add a point here saying that `data_type` is an optional parameter and it's default value is `float` ?

Reviewer: Looks good. Thanks for making the changes.

{: .note}
 
Introduced in k-NN plugin version 2.9, the optional `data_type` parameter defines the data type of a vector. The default value of this parameter is `float`.

To use a `byte` vector, set the `data_type` parameter to `byte` when creating mappings for an index:

 ```json
PUT test-index
{
  "settings": {
    "index": {
      "knn": true,
      "knn.algo_param.ef_search": 100
    }
  },
  "mappings": {
    "properties": {
      "my_vector1": {
        "type": "knn_vector",
        "dimension": 3,
        "data_type": "byte",
        "method": {
          "name": "hnsw",
          "space_type": "l2",
          "engine": "lucene",
          "parameters": {
            "ef_construction": 128,
            "m": 24
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Then ingest documents as usual. Make sure each dimension in the vector is in the supported [-128, 127] range:

```json
PUT test-index/_doc/1
{
  "my_vector1": [-126, 28, 127]
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

```json
PUT test-index/_doc/2
{
  "my_vector1": [100, -128, 0]
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> When querying, ensure to use a `byte` vector:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When querying, be sure to use a `byte` vector:
```
